[Music] I hope that at some point, let's see Juan Guarnizo
Juan Guarnizo explains
why he won't criticize Chois
Juan Guarnizo explains why he won't
criticize Chois anymore he sends me praise
Juan Guarnizo in his live today,
in addition to clarifying that he will continue to be
part of Koi in 2023 because he
likes being part of the team, he is referring to
the controversy about which he posted a tweet
criticizing the behavior of
Koi's new signings for which he
received a lot of criticism from Spanish tweeters. Let's
see Spaniards,
I love you very much
but I have to say one thing Twitter
Spain It's complicated, I
think that
not even Twitter Mexico is as dense
as Twitter Spain let's see the Coi issue, I do
n't know why it's an issue that touched the Spanish people
so deeply because
yes
And you go to the responses And well,
literally, they are angry Spaniards
both for and against what
I have said if they live it a lot there on
Twitter eh to a point where I posted
a tweet that I do not regret at
all despite the fact that three days
later they continue  saying that I'm a son
of a [ __ ] for posting a tweet is that many of the
answers were Yes but
you didn't say anything to Chocas And what the [ __ ] do I have to
say to Chocas Excuse me but what
the [ __ ] do I have to say to
Chocas apparently you have no say or
vote or point of view or
absolutely anything if you didn't tell
Chocas that he's an idiot Apparently it's not that
Chocas told him this Ah I don't know
who friends as far as I
understand what Chocas said regarding
the issue of
Ari's screenshots Shoka continues to
defend to this day that those
screenshots were fake
Okay but let's see you can criticize him
No, I mean that's that one well let's see what he said
about Ari about what boobs And that no,
what happened to that were false they
weren't false in the end we weren't
checking it with time periods and so
on they weren't false no And the truth is
that I have no way of knowing if it
's real or not So I'm not going to
tell Chocas that he's a complete
Idiot for an issue that he has said and
said  several times that it is false and
well I never got to see you know at
least it is that he is defending it but what do I have to
do with shock also
people believe that I am a friend of shock
almost that and that basically How can I
say something to a person if chocas
is my friend and my best friend well it is that he
is not friends I have spoken with
chocas two or three times in my life You know
and one of them was good Lola girl let's
see I have my theory about yours
evidently I mean the thing about
denying Ari's tweet was Simply
because it is Ari
so as not to be fighting with Ari with Juan and
so on because then in reality he did
have likes and retweets on accounts a
little bit XD no I mean yes he did have another
type of twist like that Maybe even if it
wasn't Ari not precisely when there was
this inconvenience that he writes to me
privately and tells me that it was false what
else can I do apparently if not if you don't
respond to him also between with this one to
this one you do say something to but to the others you
don't say anything You are a coward no Let's
see it is that I see it that simple
friends there  people who don't even deserve
the answer Oh Here he's referring
to Dallas okay look
or saying something to a person if
Chosas is my friend and my best friend
well he's not friends I've
talked to Chosas two or three times in my
life You know and one of them let's see the
Chosas Twitter if it were real
anyway I'm already telling you I mean it wouldn't be
like good Lola chiqui let's see actually it
's a compliment I wasn't saying that she's
really hot your girlfriend doesn't think so
secretly and she posted it in a tweet
because because she doesn't want to put it out there
no because she's a bit of a jerk and no
but well if it's true if it's a lie
neither like she
knows nor enough to change the
relationship I mean like to me I would take
into account other things about Chosas than a
tweet that he posted to me I will take into
account for example many other things
many other things like for example his
friend and so on no
kiss Maite Thank you very much
but here he's referring to Dallas
Look Listen this was precisely
when there was this inconvenience he
wrote to me privately and told me that it
was false what else can I do apparently Yes no yes
no  you answer him also between
with this one with this one you say something but you
don't say anything to the others You're a
coward you say something to this one I don't know
who he has said something to on some occasion
when they have messed with the woman
when they have said something to whom he has
said something Juan when they have gotten involved
Juan Juan is quite one of not getting involved in
Movida like he can separate from
someone or say Hey well I
don't want to know anything about this person
But the thing is that I really
really I see Each person has their
one in bed no to the one in bed The only one is the one who
said something no
but the thing is that really each one has their
character let's see Juan is a little I
appreciate her a lot because she always
behaves very well with me but she has to spit a
little more blood or I mean
personally I put myself
someone makes me a video like the one Dallas
made to Ari you know Without getting into the
game if some things could be
true or not That independently that
but the ways and the things that I say to her
and the montages and I don't know what I
destroy it I personally to my wife  they
make a video like that
I destroy it I eat anyone and on
top of that being at a higher level of
numbers and something and they are going to support you
more but regardless Even if they are not
going to support me Even if I am an
ant you understand me I do it to me
my wife does it to her because you do it to me
And still maybe I say you
know what I'm telling you I prefer
their tactic of not answering
to see clearly but I'm talking to you about
what I would do
but your wife is not public she is not Ari she is not
like Ari she is not public I don't know that she doesn't
get the same but I'm telling you my
character is not like I am but I already
told you So I understand his point that
if you are not a certain way
you are not going to be that way you know if you are not a certain way I mean
this is like when you tell the
kids when they are when someone is
abusing them in class whatever it is
and you tell them you don't let them
slap you confront them and if they
slap you don't let them  face it
if it doesn't come out of him no matter how much you
tell him you're not like that you understand me he's neither
bad nor good Juan is very good he's very
good Juan he's literally a very
good boy you know but
you can't force a person to
be a way that doesn't come out
Hi Javi What happened with the
Dallas debate inflo blog Sorry if you've already said it I did
n't feel like it either I mean
literally today I was about to because Of
course I fell asleep at around 11
to 12 in the morning Today after the
Lego thing I fell asleep like the I
started talking on the phone with a friend I do
n't know what not in the morning and I already fell
asleep at 12 around there I say Lorena I
was going to try to stay awake but no way
I'm going to get sick and I can't
stay no and I already went to bed I got up at around
six seven in the afternoon
because I was taking advantage of the afternoon
playing with the kid and all that but but I
wasn't Point to Point to Point with the
dream of saying I'm going to splicer mine and I
'm going to clean up a  little the hours I'm not going to
clean up and fall asleep now until
I wake up early tomorrow
but really it's that I didn't feel like it
Me neither and I told Lisa you
feel like it we've already passed we've already passed
why not and Dallas hasn't
written to me telling me anything so
no Let's see the fact that I see it that simple
friends there are people who don't even deserve
the answer there are people who are so
unpleasant and there are people that is my
way of seeing things But there are people who
are so extremely unpleasant so
extremely clownish that they literally make
a scandal and make a big fuss for
the sole reason of precisely
getting an answer I think this
is an indirect wing no that's it it's
their way of acting you
understand I mean maybe we're not going to see maybe
he that I am is not how I would
act eh I also tell you it's not
how I would act but he is
more interested in that because he doesn't move well
in conflict he doesn't move well in
controversy you know what I'm telling you maybe he wo
n't know how to debate act the
same way
Javi go organize a laserly against
Dallas
but if it is  that speaking calmly
the laser like the things that he tells you
imagine yourself in a debate with Dallas
imagine yourself in a debate with Dallas man
and I don't like to please me to please
people that I don't like at
all I don't like it's that this
typical response of Angel I'm not going to
give this ball that's useful to me like
for example me to these guys that I
was explaining not the one who released the
audios not a channel of 200 viewers what he
has to do for me to
answer them again no To give him
credit No but for example between a
Juan Guarnizo and a Dallas not to give him
the pleasure of answering him not to give it But what is it in two ways Dallas I mean if it was trending on Twitter the salt channels talk about it in the end Juan also from some live launched some barb in response except or I mean as if not to
give it
as not to give it attention no because or not to
give it repercussion no because the
repercussion it had the same you know but it's what I'm
telling you prolong the case knows how to
prolong the case
piss him off more Maybe because the
another if it's a person who maybe
knows how to move better not in that type of
conflict and he Maybe he won't know, you know, there will
come a time when he wo
n't sleep well, there are people who don't
move
in controversies, that's useless, you know It's
okay So it's not something negative
then if I know that that person
was literally looking for an
answer of mine that they are literally
drooling, well directly it's that I don't even
mention it it's that you can think of someone
who could go the indirect way that wasn't
for Dallas You can think of
someone
And that pisses them off a lot more Now it turns out
that I can't say anything to anyone
because three months ago I didn't respond to
this guy and two months ago I didn't say anything to this
guy go [ __ ] your [ __ ] mother the
truth is I tell him what I want and if I
think it's convenient and if I think it's
pertinent the answer that for example
I gave to this guy from koi at no
time disrespected him I even agree with him
in what I am in what
he told me for some reason he is asking for forgiveness
because he knows it then
Ah the guy Yes Twitter Spain Ah the
guy  from Coy okay Okay well
there I don't know if it's a hint
to Dallas because Claro sure maybe it
's not a late directive Although I'm
going to mark a clickbai in this deal
of course the comparison is to chocas they don't
say anything to him for the tweet he put to
Ari and this guy from koi
to this guy from koi yes he does
respond to him because Ari put the tweet to you
[ __ ] from hell no what he put to him I don't quite
realize why the
Spanish complain so much about Twitter
well there I don't know I've gone to
her I'm not sure I'm going to
use the clickbay in the title there
I'm not so sure if it's
a dig at Dallas or not an indirect one
because maybe it doesn't even cross
Juan's mind but I think maybe
Taking advantage of the fact that the pisuerga passes through
Valladolid it could have been it's that it
's to nauter he says that they criticize him
for giving his opinion about others and not answering the
Dalas it's that I have
n't seen the latest videos from
la salsera I'm very tender I'm very tender
I'm very tender  I'm very tender I'm
very tender I'm very tender
you know the laws
[Music]